This is an example of ultrasound beamforming using a linear array in Python. Data was simulated using a 3rd party MATLAB toolbox called K-Wave created by Bradley Treeby, Ben Cox, and Jiri Jaros. Specifically, the data was generated using the program 'example_us_bmode_linear_transducer.m'. This program not only simulates recorded data but performs image reconstruction as well. However, I have merely acquired the raw RF data stored in the variable 'sensor_data' and written my own image reconstruction routine. One can find the nature of the simulated data as well as a description of the K-wave program here: 

http://www.k-wave.org/documentation/example_us_bmode_linear_transducer.php

Here are some attributes of the the simulated data, as mentioned in the comments for the K-wave program:
"Note, this example generates a B-mode ultrasound image from a 3D scattering phantom using kspaceFirstOrder3D. Compared to ray-tracing or Field II, this approach is very general. In particular, it accounts for nonlinearity, multiple scattering, power law acoustic absorption, and a finite beam width in the elevation direction. However, it is also computationally intensive. Using a modern GPU and the Parallel Computing Toolbox (with 'DataCast' set to 'gpuArray-single'), each scan line takes around 3 minutes to compute. Using a modern desktop CPU (with 'DataCast' set to 'single'), this increases to around 30 minutes. In this example, the final image is constructed using 96 scan lines. This makes the total computational time around 4.5 hours using a single GPU, or 2 days using a CPU."

The RF data is stored in the file named "example_us_bmode_sensor_data.mat"